[Autogenerated] well, no move to the next demonstration,
and this is referring toe cross cutting functionality for exceptions.
What are going to do is first create custom exception,
then introduce exception,
throwing in the crowd methods and then create the
aspect that intercept the exception.
The next feature that is required to be implemented is preventing the
insertion of a passenger having an invalid country data.
We should log a severe message when such a situation
happens with created this new package.
Corndog parasite dot spring GOP dot flights management Not exceptions.
And here we are going to create the country does not exist
exception class that extends runtime exception.
The custom exception class will have ah,
private Stringfield Country code,
A constructor that receives as argument a country killed and
initialize is that this country coldfield and they get there
for this country code field.
When should we throw with such an exception?
When we try to insert the passenger having an invalid country coat,
we will add this insert method to the passenger dollar interface and
will override it into the passenger dow and class.
This is the implementation of the insert method.
If the country code of the passenger is not to be found in
the list of the I s O country codes we throw the previously
defined country does not exist.
Exception.
Otherwise, we attempt the insertion into a database.
We create this new passenger we said his name Toby Mike.
We said his country Toby set set, which is an invalid country.
Then we try to insert Mike into a database That's right to
execute the program as it was expected,
because those that that country code does not exist,
we are getting a country does not exist.
Exception.
But remember, we need to log a severe message when such a situation happens,
as this is a cross cutting functionality,
we will create a separate aspect called Country does Not Exist aspect.
And we're going to annotate this class with the aspect annotation who insert
this private longer field and this log method annotated with after throwing
the point cut is the execution of the metal comb.
The plural site dot spring GOP not flights management daughter dowel dot
passenger Thou am not insert and we're looking a severe message announcing
that we have tried to insert a passenger with an un existing country coat we
also need to include the country does not exist aspect of being in the AARP
dot xml configuration file.
Let's run the application again.
And besides the exception,
we're also getting this severe log message attempt to insert the
passenger within an existing country that Zet.
You see that working with the after throwing a
notation does not prevent the exception.
Toby propagated.
If we would like the program to continue,
we have to explicitly cash the exception.
So we have successfully implemented Botha cashing aspect and an exception
handing aspect with the help of the spring GOP capabilities.
To conclude this model,
we introduced a data base on which we executed crowd
operations on the flights and passengers.
We created an aspect managing, cashing on crowd operations,
in particular on the operation of getting a passenger by i D.
We implemented a new feature requiring working with
aspect for handling exceptions,
and we created an aspect managing this kind of exceptions.
We still need to discuss about spring Europea introductions and their usage. See you in the next model